1 Arrow Function
From Priya B to Everyone:  03:47 PM
2. Let and Const
3. Default Parameters
4. Spread operators
5. Rest Parameters
6. Set
7 Map
8.class



where to use
1.array Fuction
Array of functions in JavaScript
Given an array containing functions and the task is to access its element in different ways using JavaScript.

Approach:

Declare an array of functions.
The array of function works with indexes like an array function.
 

2.Let and const:
What is Let in Javascript?
The Let keyword in javascript is a more advanced version of the Var keyword. 
Even though both the keyword are used for variable declaration in javascript, the variable declared has a different meaning. 
Var as we know already declares a variable that is globally accessible or function scoped but variables declared using the Let keyword are pure local variables.
 These variables are accessible only inside the block statement or expression.


const:
The Const keyword holds a special meaning in javascript as it is used for declaring the constant variable. 

4.deafault :
Default Parameters
In JavaScript, function parameters default to undefined. However, it's often useful to set a different default value. This is where default parameters can help.



5.Rest Parameters

Rest parameter is an improved way to handle function parameter, allowing us to more easily handle various input as parameters in a function.
 The rest parameter syntax allows us to represent an indefinite number of arguments as an array.
 With the help of a rest parameter a function can be called with any number of arguments, no matter how it was defined. 
Rest parameter is added in ES2015 or ES6 which improved the ability to handle parameter.

Note: In order to run the code in this article make use of the console provided by the browser or use an online tool like repl.it.

Syntax:

function functionname[...parameters]//... is the rest parameter
{
statement;
}
Note: When … is at the end of function parameter, it is the rest parameter. 






map :
Map is a collection of key-value pairs where the key can be of any type. Map remembers the original order in which the elements were added to it, 
which means data can be retrieved in the same order it was inserted in.

In other words, Map has characteristics of both Object and Array:

Like an object, it supports the key-value pair structure.
Like an array, it remembers the insertion order.
How to Create and Initialize a Map in JavaScript
A new Map can be created like this:

const map = new Map();

set:

A set is a collection of items which are unique i.e no element can be repeated. Set in ES6 are ordered: elements of the set can be iterated in the insertion order. 
Set can store any types of values whether primitive or objects.


class:

++++/Introduction of new version of JavaScript (ES6) introduced the use of classes instead of functions.Classes are similar to functions.They use class keyword instead of function keyword. 
They use constructor method to initialise. 

Syntax:

class classname {
  constructor(parameter) {
    this.classname = parameter;
  }
}


++++++/A JavaScript class is a type of function. Classes are declared with the classkeyword.
 We will use function expression syntax to initialize a function and class expression syntax to initialize a class. 
We can access the [[Prototype]] of an object using the Object.getPrototypeOf() method. 
Let’s use that to test the empty functionwe created. We can also use that method on the classwe just created. 
The code declared with function and class both return a function [[Prototype]].























